Now to conclude the special selectors will learn about.
There's one other special selector that is worth pointing out and that is the host context selector.
Now let's say and that is actually the case here.
We only want to apply a certain style to our custom element when it is inside of a paragraph.
As our first tooltip is right here our first tooltip is inside of a paragraph.
The second one is not.
So in this case we might want to set a certain style.
And for that there is no special selector colon host dash context.
This also has this function for him with parentheses after the selector and in the function arguments
here.
So we the parentheses you specify the surrounding conditions you want to have around your element.
So in this case we could add the p selector.
So the tax selector for a paragraph element but you could also have something like it should be a paragraph
with the hello clause like this or a paragraph with a nested element of Hello which surrounds our custom
element all as possible.
Here I'll just go for P and if that is the case let's say then we want to have a fund wait that is bold
so we want to have bold text and if we do that and we reload.
We see for the first web component we have bold text for the second we don't we have that because of
this rule which kicks in due to our paragraph around our custom element and for the second Web component
for our second tooltip does rule that's simply not apply because there is no paragraph around it.
And if we would nest is inside of a paragraph.
So if it would move it here and you can drag it into developer tools.
So if I drag it here into my paragraph you see this gets bowled too because it's now all the inside
of a paragraph and hence.
Now this host context here also applies to move it out of there again.
Then again it's not bold anymore.
So this is really really cool.
Gives us a lot of flexibility here and with host hosts in combination with this function forum to set
conditions host context and slot it.
You have a lot of powerful tools to style the content in your web components in exactly the way you
want.